1.What is oops stands for?

    opps stands for object oriented programming language or structure(oops).


2.What is Polymorphism? explain types?

      if one task is performed in different ways,it is known as polymorphism.
      in java,we use method overloading and method overriding to achieve polymorphism.
     
3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?

   an interface is declared by using the interface keyword.it provides total abstraction;means all the method in an interface are declared with emptybody.
   interface is fully 100%unimplemented methods.
   example:
     selenium---webdriver,webelement
     java         ---list,set
4.what is abstarct class and example?

   abstract class is a resricted class that cannot be used to crete objects.
   partially implemented,unimplement and implements are in this class.

5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance

    multiple inheritance----is an inheritance type where a class inherits from more than one base class.
     multilevel inheritance----is an inheritance type that inherits from a derived class,making that class a base class for new class.

6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?

    possible,the java programming language supports mutiple inheritance of type,which is the ability of a class to implement more than one interface.an object can have multiple types
7.What is keyword for using inheritance  

             extends

8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class

            implements

9.what is difference between class and interface

        A class is a blueprint from which we can create objects that share the same configuration - properties and methods. An interface is a group of related properties and methods that describe an object, but neither provides implementation nor initialisation for them.

10.what is difference between class and abstract class

      A concrete class can only have concrete methods. Even a single abstract method makes the class abstract. Abstract class can not be instantiated using new keyword. Concrete class can be instantiated using new keyword.